h1. Welcome to Prometheus 2.0

h2. Setup and run

h3. Install:

* Ruby 1.9.3-p0
* RubyGems 1.8.12
* bundler 1.1.rc
* PostgreSQL 9.0 (with other databases it doesn't tested)
* nginx
* gettext
* sphinx search engine
* node.js
* /usr/bin/md5sum from coreutils
* git
* memcached
* redis

h3. And then:

* run "bundle install" in project folder

h3. Prepare:

* bundle exec rake gettext:pack

h3. Init database:

* bundle exec rake db:create
* bundle exec rake db:schema:load

* bundle exec rake db:seed

* bundle exec rake sisyphus:maintainers
* bundle exec rake sisyphus:groups
* bundle exec rake sisyphus:srpms
* bundle exec rake sisyphus:i586
* bundle exec rake sisyphus:noarch
* bundle exec rake sisyphus:x86_64
* bundle exec rake sisyphus:acls
* bundle exec rake sisyphus:leaders
* bundle exec rake sisyphus:teams

* bundle exec rake gear:import

* bundle exec rake sisyphus:bugs
* bundle exec rake sisyphus:repocops

* bundle exec rake sisyphusarm:groups
* bundle exec rake sisyphusarm:srpms
* bundle exec rake sisyphusarm:binary

* bundle exec rake platform6:groups
* bundle exec rake platform6:srpms
* bundle exec rake platform6:i586
* bundle exec rake platform6:noarch
* bundle exec rake platform6:x86_64

* bundle exec rake t6:groups
* bundle exec rake t6:srpms
* bundle exec rake t6:i586
* bundle exec rake t6:noarch
* bundle exec rake t6:x86_64

* bundle exec rake platform5:groups
* bundle exec rake platform5:srpms
* bundle exec rake platform5:i586
* bundle exec rake platform5:noarch
* bundle exec rake platform5:x86_64

* bundle exec rake 51:groups
* bundle exec rake 51:srpms
* bundle exec rake 51:i586
* bundle exec rake 51:noarch
* bundle exec rake 51:x86_64
* bundle exec rake 51:acls
* bundle exec rake 51:leaders
* bundle exec rake 51:teams

* bundle exec rake 50:groups
* bundle exec rake 50:srpms
* bundle exec rake 50:i586
* bundle exec rake 50:noarch
* bundle exec rake 50:x86_64
* bundle exec rake 50:acls
* bundle exec rake 50:leaders
* bundle exec rake 50:teams

* bundle exec rake 41:groups
* bundle exec rake 41:srpms
* bundle exec rake 41:i586
* bundle exec rake 41:noarch
* bundle exec rake 41:x86_64
* bundle exec rake 41:acls
* bundle exec rake 41:leaders
* bundle exec rake 41:teams

* bundle exec rake 40:groups
* bundle exec rake 40:srpms
* bundle exec rake 40:i586
* bundle exec rake 40:noarch
* bundle exec rake 40:x86_64
* bundle exec rake 40:acls
* bundle exec rake 40:leaders
* bundle exec rake 40:teams

* bundle exec rake redis:cache

* bundle exec rake ts:index

h2. Run

* bundle exec rake ts:start
* bundle exec rake assets:precompile
* redis-server config/redis.conf
* service postgresql start
* memcached -d -m 128 (as a user)

h2. Deploy

* cap deploy

h2. License

Prometheus 2.0 uses the MIT license. Please check the MIT-LICENSE file for more details.
